a_bh'ann a bhí ann
abradh_tu déarfá
abradh_tu ndéarfá
abradh_iad déarfaidís
abradh_iad ndéarfaidís
air_beulaibh ar bhéal
an_còmhnaidh i gcónaí
an_diugh inniu
anns_a' sa
anns_an sa
anns_a' san
anns_an san
ann_am i
ann_an i
ann_am in
ann_an in
an_seo anseo
a_th' atá
a_th'ann atá ann
bheireadh_iad thabharfaidís
bheireadh_iad tugaidís
bheireadh_iad thugaidís
bheireadh_tu thabharfá
bhitheadh_iad bheidís
bhitheadh_iad mbeidís
bhitheadh_tu bheifeá
bhitheadh_tu mbeifeá
càit_a_bheil cá bhfuil
chan_eil ní bhíonn
chan_eil níl
deach_iad dheachadar
deach_iad ndeachadar
deach_sinn dheachamar
deach_sinn ndeachamar
deachaidh_iad dheachadar
deachaidh_iad ndeachadar
deachaidh_sinn dheachamar
deachaidh_sinn ndeachamar
dè_'n cén
d'rinn_iad dhearnadar
d'rinn_iad ndearnadar
d'rinn_sinn dhearnamar
d'rinn_sinn ndearnamar
do_rinn dhearna
do_rinn ndearna
do_rinneadh dhearnadh
do_rinneadh ndearnadh
do_rinn_iad dhearnadar
do_rinn_iad ndearnadar
do_rinn_sinn dhearnamar
do_rinn_sinn ndearnamar
faca_sinn bhfacamar
faca_iad bhfacadar
faiceadh_iad fheicfidís
faiceadh_iad bhfeicfidís
faiceadh_tu fheicfeá
faiceadh_tu bhfeicfeá
faigh_sinn bhfaighimid
faigheadh_iad bhfaighidís
faigheadh_tu bhfaighfeá
fhaca_sinn fhacamar
fhaca_iad fhacadar
fhaiceadh_iad bhfeicfidís
fhaiceadh_iad fheicfidís
fhaiceadh_tu bhfeicfeá
fhaiceadh_tu fheicfeá
fhaigheadh_iad bhfaighidís
fhaigheadh_tu bhfaighfeá
'g_a á
mu_thimcheall timpeall
tabhaireadh_iad dtabharfaidís
tabhaireadh_iad tugaidís
tabhaireadh_iad thugaidís
tabhaireadh_tu dtabharfá
thabhaireadh_iad thabharfaidís
thabhaireadh_tu thabharfá
theirigeadh_iad téidís
thugadh_iad thabharfaidís
thugadh_iad tugaidís
thugadh_iad thugaidís
thugadh_tu thabharfá
tigeadh_iad tagaidís
tugadh_iad dtabharfaidís
tugadh_tu dtabharfá
