ana_mhór an-mhór
ana_láidir an-láidir
ana_mhaith an-mhaith
ana_bhuidheach an-bhuíoch
ana_dhian an-dian
ana_shaidhbhir an-saibhir
ana_naomhtha an-naofa
ana_dhoimhinn an-domhain
ana_dheacair an-deacair
ana_bheag an-bheag
ana_dhaingean an-daingean
ana_dhúil an-dúil
arsa'_n arsan
b'_áil b'áil
b'_éigean b'éigean
b'_fhéidir b'fhéidir
b'_fhiú b'fhiú
cár_bh' cárbh
cár_bh cárbh
cé_'n cén
cér_bh cérbh
cér_bh' cérbh
cé_'r_bh' cérbh
cé_'r_bh'é cérbh é
dá_ríribh dáiríre
de_'n den
de_n-a dá
de_níon d'iníon
dh'_fhághail fháil
dh'_fhéadfadh d'fhéadfadh
dh'_innsint insint
do_bhí bhí
do_bhíodh bhíodh
do_chonaic chonaic
do_chonac chonaic
do_chuir chuir
do_fuair fuair
do_labhair labhair
do_n don
do_'n don
do_níon d'iníon
do_n-a dá
do_thuit thit
do_thóg thóg
do_thuig thuig
do_thug thug
droch_aigne drochaigne
droch_amhras drochamhras
droch_bheart drochbheart
droch_bhéas drochbhéas
droch_dhaoine drochdhaoine
droch_dhuine drochdhuine
droch_fhuadar drochfhuadar
droch_ghníomh drochghníomh
droch_mheas drochmheas
droch_mhian drochmhian
droch_nídh drochní
droch_obair drochobair
droch_shampla drochshampla
fá_n-a faoina
faoi_n-a faoina
faoi_'n faoin
gur_bh gurbh
gur_bh' gurbh
h-ana_mhaith han-mhaith
h-ana_mhór han-mhór
i_bhfos abhus
i_mbáireach amárach
i_mbárach amárach
i_mbáraigh amárach
i_n in
i_n' ina
i_n-a ina
i_n'aice ina aice
i_n'aigne ina aigne
i_n-allód anallód
in_allód anallód
i_n'aonar ina aonar
ins_an sa
ins_an san
ins_na sna
le_n-a lena
má_'s más
mac_a_samhail macasamhail
mb'_áil mb'áil
mb'_éigean mb'éigean
mb'_fhéidir mb'fhéidir
mb'_fhiú mb'fhiú
mo_níon m'iníon
'n_a ina
nár_bh nárbh
nár_bh' nárbh
ní_fhuil níl
ní_fhuilimid nílimid
níor_bh níorbh
níor_bh' níorbh
níor_bh'é níorbh é
ó_n ón
ó_n-a óna
san_allód anallód
shul_a sula
sul_a sula
sul_ar sular
trí_n-a trína
