Abchais Abcáise
Abchas Abcáis
Abchasais Abcáisis
Abchasaise Abcáisise
Aimearaga Meiriceá
Aimearaga Mheiriceá
Aimearagaidh Meiriceá
Aimearagaidh Mheiriceá
Aimearagaidhe Meiriceá
Aimearagaidhe Mheiriceá
Aimearaganach Meiriceánach
Aimearaganach Meiriceánacha
Aimearaganach Mheiriceánach
Aimearaganach Mheiriceánacha
Aimearaganaich Meiriceánach
Aimearaganaich Meiriceánaigh
Aimearaganaich Mheiriceánach
Aimearaganaich Mheiriceánaigh
Aimearaganaiche Meiriceánaí
Aimearaganaiche Mheiriceánaí
Aimeireaga Meiriceá
Aimeireaga Mheiriceá
Aimeireaganach Meiriceánach
Aimeireaganach Meiriceánacha
Aimeireaganach Mheiriceánach
Aimeireaganach Mheiriceánacha
Aimeireaganaich Meiriceánach
Aimeireaganaich Meiriceánaigh
Aimeireaganaich Mheiriceánach
Aimeireaganaich Mheiriceánaigh
Aimeireaganaiche Meiriceánaí
Aimeireaganaiche Mheiriceánaí
Ameireaga Meiriceá
Ameireaga Mheiriceá
Ameireagaidh Meiriceá
Ameireagaidh Mheiriceá
Ameireaganach Meiriceánach
Ameireaganach Meiriceánacha
Ameireaganach Mheiriceánach
Ameireaganach Mheiriceánacha
Ameireaganaich Meiriceánach
Ameireaganaich Meiriceánaigh
Ameireaganaich Mheiriceánach
Ameireaganaich Mheiriceánaigh
Ameireaganaiche Meiriceánaí
Ameireaganaiche Mheiriceánaí
abair abair
abair n-abair
abradh abradh
abradh n-abradh
abraibh abraigí
abraibh n-abraigí
abram abraim
abram n-abraim
abramaid abraimis
abramaid n-abraimis
abrar abairtear
abrar n-abairtear
acair acra
acair ancaire
acair t-acra
acair t-ancaire
acaire acra
acaire ancaire
acaire t-acra
acaire t-ancaire
acraichean acraí
acraichean ancairí
adair haitéara
adair haitéir
adairean haitéirí
b'Abchas b'Abcáis
b'Abchasais b'Abcáisis
b'Aimearaga Meiriceá
b'Aimearagaidh Meiriceá
b'Aimearaganach Meiriceánach
b'Aimearaganach Meiriceánacha
b'Aimearaganaich Meiriceánaigh
b'Aimearaganaiche Meiriceánaí
b'Aimeireaga Meiriceá
b'Aimeireaganach Meiriceánach
b'Aimeireaganach Meiriceánacha
b'Aimeireaganaich Meiriceánaigh
b'Aimeireaganaiche Meiriceánaí
b'Ameireaga Meiriceá
b'Ameireagaidh Meiriceá
b'Ameireaganach Meiriceánach
b'Ameireaganach Meiriceánacha
b'Ameireaganaich Meiriceánaigh
b'Ameireaganaiche Meiriceánaí
b'acair b'acra
b'acair b'ancaire
b'acaire b'acra
b'acaire b'ancaire
b'acraichean b'acraí
b'acraichean b'ancairí
b'adair haitéir
b'adairean haitéirí
b'innste b'inste
b'obrachadh b'oibriú
b'obraiche b'oibrí
b'obraichean b'oibrithe
b'obraichte b'oibrithe
b'ochdnar b'ochtar
b'ochdnaran b'ochtair
b'og b'óg
b'oga b'óga
b'oige b'óige
b'Àisia b'Áise
b'Àisianach b'Áiseach
b'Àisianach b'Áiseacha
b'Àisianaich b'Áisigh
b'Àisianaiche b'Áisí
b'àit b'áit
b'àite b'áit
b'àiteachan b'áiteanna
b'àitean b'áiteanna
b'àitichean b'áiteanna
b'òg b'óg
b'òga b'óga
b'òige b'óige
bailiùn balúin
bailiùn balún
bailiùn mbalúin
bailiùn mbalún
bailiùnaichean balúin
bailiùnaichean balún
bailiùnaichean mbalúin
bailiùnaichean mbalún
balùin balúin
balùin mbalúin
balùn balún
balùn mbalún
balùnaichean balúin
balùnaichean balún
balùnaichean mbalúin
balùnaichean mbalún
beir beir
beir mbeir
beireadh beireadh
beireadh mbeireadh
beireadh mbéarfadh
beiream beirim
beiream mbeirim
beireamaid beirimis
beireamaid mbeirimis
beireamaid mbéarfaimis
beirear beirtear
beirear béarfar
beirear mbeirtear
beirear mbéarfar
beiribh beirigí
beiribh mbeirigí
beiridh béarfaidh
beiridh mbéarfaidh
beirinn mbéarfainn
beirte beirthe
bha bhí
bhailiùn bhalúin
bhailiùn bhalún
bhailiùnaichean bhalúin
bhailiùnaichean bhalún
bhalùin bhalúin
bhalùn bhalún
bhalùnaichean bhalúin
bhalùnaichean bhalún
bhathar bhíothas
bheir bheir
bheir dtabharfaidh
bheir tabharfaidh
bheir thabharfaidh
bheireadh bheireadh
bheireadh bhéarfadh
bheiream bheirim
bheireamaid bheirimis
bheireamaid bhéarfaimis
bheirear bheirtear
bheirear bhéarfar
bheirear dtabharfar
bheirear tabharfar
bheirear thabharfar
bheireas bhéarfaidh
bheireas béarfaidh
bheireas mbéarfaidh
bheiribh bheirigí
bheiridh bhéarfaidh
bheirinn bhéarfainn
bheirte bheirthe
bhi bhí
bhiodh beadh
bhiodh bheadh
bhitheadh bhíodh
bhitheam bhím
bhitheamaid beimis
bhitheamaid bheimis
bhitheamaid bhímis
bhithear bheifear
bhithear bhítear
bhitheas beidh
bhitheas bheidh
bhitheas mbeidh
bhithibh bhígí
bhithidh bheidh
bhithinn beinn
bhithinn bheinn
bhuin bhain
bhuin mbain
bhuineadh baineadh
bhuineadh bhaineadh
bhuineadh bhainfeadh
bhuineadh mbaineadh
bhuineam bhainim
bhuineamaid bhainfimis
bhuineamaid bhainimis
bhuinear bhainfear
bhuinear bhaintear
bhuineas bainfidh
bhuineas bhainfidh
bhuineas mbainfidh
bhuinibh bhainigí
bhuinidh bhainfidh
bhuininn bhainfinn
bhuinte bhainte
bi bí
bi mbí
biodh mbeadh
bitheadh bíodh
bitheadh mbíodh
bitheam bím
bitheam mbím
bitheamaid bímis
bitheamaid mbeimis
bitheamaid mbímis
bithear beifear
bithear bítear
bithear mbeifear
bithear mbítear
bithibh bígí
bithibh mbígí
bithidh beidh
bithidh mbeidh
bithinn mbeinn
buin bain
buin mbain
buineadh baineadh
buineadh mbaineadh
buineadh mbainfeadh
buineam bainim
buineam mbainim
buineamaid bainimis
buineamaid mbainfimis
buineamaid mbainimis
buinear bainfear
buinear baintear
buinear mbainfear
buinear mbaintear
buinibh bainigí
buinibh mbainigí
buinidh bainfidh
buinidh mbainfidh
buininn mbainfinn
buinte bainte
cairteil cairtéal
cairteil cairtéil
cairteil gcairtéal
cairteil gcairtéil
cairteilean cairtéal
cairteilean cairtéil
cairteilean gcairtéal
cairteilean gcairtéil
chaidh chuaigh
chaidh dtéigh
chaidh gcuaigh
chaidh théigh
chaidheas chuathas
chaidheas dtéadh
chaidheas gcuathas
chaidheas théadh
chaidheas téadh
chairteil chairtéal
chairteil chairtéil
chairteilean chairtéal
chairteilean chairtéil
chitheadh d'fheicfeadh
chitheadh fheicfeadh
chitheamaid d'fheicfimis
chitheamaid fheicfimis
chithear bhfeicfear
chithear feicfear
chithear fheicfear
chithinn d'fheicfinn
chithinn fheicfinn
chluinn chluin
chluinneadh chluineadh
chluinneadh chluinfeadh
chluinneam chluinim
chluinneamaid chluinfimis
chluinneamaid chluinimis
chluinnear chluinfear
chluinnear chluintear
chluinneas chluinfidh
chluinneas cluinfidh
chluinneas gcluinfidh
chluinnibh chluinigí
chluinnidh chluinfidh
chluinninn chluinfinn
chluinnte chluinte
chraic chraic
chraice chraice
chruthachadh chruthú
chruthachaidh chruthaithe
chruthaich chruthaigh
chruthaich gcruthaigh
chruthaicheadh chruthaíodh
chruthaicheadh chruthódh
chruthaicheadh cruthaíodh
chruthaicheadh gcruthaíodh
chruthaicheam chruthaím
chruthaicheamaid chruthaímis
chruthaicheamaid chruthóimis
chruthaichear chruthaítear
chruthaichear chruthófar
chruthaicheas chruthóidh
chruthaicheas cruthóidh
chruthaicheas gcruthóidh
chruthaichibh chruthaígí
chruthaichidh chruthóidh
chruthaichinn chruthóinn
chruthaichte chruthaithe
chuala chuala
chuala gcuala
chualadh chualathas
chualadh gcualathas
chuideachadh chuidiú
chuideachaidh chuidithe
chuidich chuidigh
chuidich gcuidigh
chuidicheadh chuideodh
chuidicheadh chuidíodh
chuidicheadh cuidíodh
chuidicheadh gcuidíodh
chuidicheam chuidím
chuidicheamaid chuideoimis
chuidicheamaid chuidímis
chuidichear chuideofar
chuidichear chuidítear
chuidicheas chuideoidh
chuidicheas cuideoidh
chuidicheas gcuideoidh
chuidichibh chuidígí
chuidichidh chuideoidh
chuidichinn chuideoinn
chuidichte chuidithe
chuir chuir
chuir gcuir
chuireadh chuireadh
chuireadh chuirfeadh
chuireadh cuireadh
chuireadh gcuireadh
chuiream chuirim
chuireamaid chuirfimis
chuireamaid chuirimis
chuirear chuirfear
chuirear chuirtear
chuireas chuirfidh
chuireas cuirfidh
chuireas gcuirfidh
chuiribh chuirigí
chuiridh chuirfidh
chuirinn chuirfinn
chuirte churtha
chunnacadh chonacthas
chunnacadh gconacthas
chunnaic chonaic
chunnaic gconaic
chì bhfeicfidh
chì feicfidh
chì fheicfidh
citheadh bhfeicfeadh
citheamaid bhfeicfimis
cithinn bhfeicfinn
cluinn cluin
cluinn gcluin
cluinneadh cluineadh
cluinneadh gcluineadh
cluinneadh gcluinfeadh
cluinneam cluinim
cluinneam gcluinim
cluinneamaid cluinimis
cluinneamaid gcluinfimis
cluinneamaid gcluinimis
cluinnear cluinfear
cluinnear cluintear
cluinnear gcluinfear
cluinnear gcluintear
cluinnibh cluinigí
cluinnibh gcluinigí
cluinnidh cluinfidh
cluinnidh gcluinfidh
cluinninn gcluinfinn
cluinnte cluinte
craic craic
craic gcraic
craice craice
craice gcraice
cruthachadh cruthú
cruthachadh gcruthú
cruthachaidh cruthaithe
cruthachaidh gcruthaithe
cruthaich cruthaigh
cruthaich gcruthaigh
cruthaicheadh cruthaíodh
cruthaicheadh gcruthaíodh
cruthaicheadh gcruthódh
cruthaicheam cruthaím
cruthaicheam gcruthaím
cruthaicheamaid cruthaímis
cruthaicheamaid gcruthaímis
cruthaicheamaid gcruthóimis
cruthaichear cruthaítear
cruthaichear cruthófar
cruthaichear gcruthaítear
cruthaichear gcruthófar
cruthaichibh cruthaígí
cruthaichibh gcruthaígí
cruthaichidh cruthóidh
cruthaichidh gcruthóidh
cruthaichinn gcruthóinn
cruthaichte cruthaithe
cuideachadh cuidiú
cuideachadh gcuidiú
cuideachaidh cuidithe
cuideachaidh gcuidithe
cuidich cuidigh
cuidich gcuidigh
cuidicheadh cuidíodh
cuidicheadh gcuideodh
cuidicheadh gcuidíodh
cuidicheam cuidím
cuidicheam gcuidím
cuidicheamaid cuidímis
cuidicheamaid gcuideoimis
cuidicheamaid gcuidímis
cuidichear cuideofar
cuidichear cuidítear
cuidichear gcuideofar
cuidichear gcuidítear
cuidichibh cuidígí
cuidichibh gcuidígí
cuidichidh cuideoidh
cuidichidh gcuideoidh
cuidichinn gcuideoinn
cuidichte cuidithe
cuir cuir
cuir gcuir
cuireadh cuireadh
cuireadh gcuireadh
cuireadh gcuirfeadh
cuiream cuirim
cuiream gcuirim
cuireamaid cuirimis
cuireamaid gcuirfimis
cuireamaid gcuirimis
cuirear cuirfear
cuirear cuirtear
cuirear gcuirfear
cuirear gcuirtear
cuiribh cuirigí
cuiribh gcuirigí
cuiridh cuirfidh
cuiridh gcuirfidh
cuirinn gcuirfinn
cuirte curtha
da-rìribh dáiríre
deagh-bheus dea-bhéas
deagh-bheus ndea-bhéas
deagh-bheusa dea-bhéasa
deagh-bheusa ndea-bhéasa
deagh-bheusach dea-bhéasach
deagh-bheusach dea-bhéasacha
deagh-bheusaich dea-bhéasaigh
deagh-bheusaiche dea-bhéasaí
deagh-bheusan dea-bhéas
deagh-bheusan dea-bhéasa
deagh-bheusan ndea-bhéas
deagh-bheusan ndea-bhéasa
deagh-bhlais dea-bhlais
deagh-bhlais ndea-bhlais
deagh-bhlas dea-bhlas
deagh-bhlas ndea-bhlas
deagh-bholadh dea-bholadh
deagh-bholadh ndea-bholadh
deagh-bholaidh dea-bholaidh
deagh-bholaidh ndea-bholaidh
deagh-ghean dea-mhéin
deagh-ghean ndea-mhéin
deagh-gheana dea-mhéine
deagh-gheana ndea-mhéine
deagh-mhèin dea-mhéin
deagh-mhèin ndea-mhéin
deagh-mhèine dea-mhéine
deagh-mhèine ndea-mhéine
deagh-naidheachd dea-scéal
deagh-naidheachd dea-scéil
deagh-naidheachd ndea-scéal
deagh-naidheachd ndea-scéil
deagh-thoil dea-thoil
deagh-thoil ndea-thoil
deagh-thoile dea-thola
deagh-thoile ndea-thola
dean déan
dean ndéan
deanadh déanadh
deanadh ndéanadh
deanadh ndéanfadh
deanaibh déanaigí
deanaibh ndéanaigí
deanaidh déanfaidh
deanaidh ndéanfaidh
deanainn ndéanfainn
deanam déanaim
deanam ndéanaim
deanamaid déanaimis
deanamaid ndéanaimis
deanamaid ndéanfaimis
deanar déanfar
deanar déantar
deanar ndéanfar
deanar ndéantar
deanta déanta
dh'Abchais d'Abcáise
dh'Abchas d'Abcáis
dh'Abchasais d'Abcáisis
dh'Abchasaise d'Abcáisise
dh'Aimearaga Meiriceá
dh'Aimearagaidh Meiriceá
dh'Aimearagaidhe Meiriceá
dh'Aimearaganach Meiriceánach
dh'Aimearaganaich Meiriceánach
dh'Aimearaganaich Meiriceánaigh
dh'Aimeireaga Meiriceá
dh'Aimeireaganach Meiriceánach
dh'Aimeireaganaich Meiriceánach
dh'Aimeireaganaich Meiriceánaigh
dh'Ameireaga Meiriceá
dh'Ameireagaidh Meiriceá
dh'Ameireaganach Meiriceánach
dh'Ameireaganaich Meiriceánach
dh'Ameireaganaich Meiriceánaigh
dh'acair d'acra
dh'acair d'ancaire
dh'acaire d'acra
dh'acaire d'ancaire
dh'acraichean d'acraí
dh'acraichean d'ancairí
dh'adair haitéara
dh'adair haitéir
dh'adairean haitéirí
dh'fhàg bhfág
dh'fhàg d'fhág
dh'fhàg fhág
dh'fhàgadh bhfágadh
dh'fhàgadh bhfágfadh
dh'fhàgadh d'fhágfadh
dh'fhàgadh fhágadh
dh'fhàgadh fhágfadh
dh'fhàgadh fágadh
dh'fhàgainn bhfágfainn
dh'fhàgainn d'fhágfainn
dh'fhàgainn fhágfainn
dh'fhàgamaid bhfágfaimis
dh'fhàgamaid d'fhágfaimis
dh'fhàgamaid fhágfaimis
dh'fhàgas bhfágfaidh
dh'fhàgas fhágfaidh
dh'fhàgas fágfaidh
dh'fhàs bhfás
dh'fhàs d'fhás
dh'fhàs fhás
dh'fhàsadh bhfásadh
dh'fhàsadh bhfásfadh
dh'fhàsadh d'fhásfadh
dh'fhàsadh fhásadh
dh'fhàsadh fhásfadh
dh'fhàsadh fásadh
dh'fhàsainn bhfásfainn
dh'fhàsainn d'fhásfainn
dh'fhàsainn fhásfainn
dh'fhàsamaid bhfásfaimis
dh'fhàsamaid d'fhásfaimis
dh'fhàsamaid fhásfaimis
dh'fhàsas bhfásfaidh
dh'fhàsas fhásfaidh
dh'fhàsas fásfaidh
dh'inns d'inis
dh'inns inis
dh'inns n-inis
dh'innseadh d'inseodh
dh'innseadh inseodh
dh'innseadh insíodh
dh'innseadh n-inseodh
dh'innseadh n-insíodh
dh'innseamaid d'inseoimis
dh'innseamaid inseoimis
dh'innseamaid n-inseoimis
dh'innseas inseoidh
dh'innseas n-inseoidh
dh'innsinn d'inseoinn
dh'innsinn inseoinn
dh'innsinn n-inseoinn
dh'obrachadh d'oibriú
dh'obrachaidh d'oibrithe
dh'obraich d'oibrigh
dh'obraich n-oibrigh
dh'obraich oibrigh
dh'obraiche d'oibrí
dh'obraicheadh d'oibreodh
dh'obraicheadh n-oibreodh
dh'obraicheadh n-oibríodh
dh'obraicheadh oibreodh
dh'obraicheadh oibríodh
dh'obraicheamaid d'oibreoimis
dh'obraicheamaid n-oibreoimis
dh'obraicheamaid oibreoimis
dh'obraichean d'oibrithe
dh'obraicheas n-oibreoidh
dh'obraicheas oibreoidh
dh'obraichinn d'oibreoinn
dh'obraichinn n-oibreoinn
dh'obraichinn oibreoinn
dh'ochdnair d'ochtair
dh'ochdnar d'ochtar
dh'ochdnaran d'ochtair
dh'ochdnaran d'ochtar
dh'Àisia d'Áise
dh'Àisianach d'Áiseach
dh'Àisianaich d'Áiseach
dh'Àisianaich d'Áisigh
dh'àit d'áit
dh'àite d'áit
dh'àite d'áite
dh'àiteachan d'áiteanna
dh'àitean d'áiteanna
dh'àitichean d'áiteanna
dha-rìribh dáiríre
dheagh-bheus dhea-bhéas
dheagh-bheusa dhea-bhéasa
dheagh-bheusach dhea-bhéasach
dheagh-bheusach dhea-bhéasacha
dheagh-bheusaich dhea-bhéasaigh
dheagh-bheusaiche dhea-bhéasaí
dheagh-bheusan dhea-bhéas
dheagh-bheusan dhea-bhéasa
dheagh-bhlais dhea-bhlais
dheagh-bhlas dhea-bhlas
dheagh-bholadh dhea-bholadh
dheagh-bholaidh dhea-bholaidh
dheagh-ghean dhea-mhéin
dheagh-gheana dhea-mhéine
dheagh-mhèin dhea-mhéin
dheagh-mhèine dhea-mhéine
dheagh-naidheachd dhea-scéal
dheagh-naidheachd dhea-scéil
dheagh-thoil dhea-thoil
dheagh-thoile dhea-thola
dhean dhéan
dhean rinne
dheanadh dhéanadh
dheanadh dhéanfadh
dheanadh rinneadh
dheanaibh dhéanaigí
dheanaidh dhéanfaidh
dheanainn dhéanfainn
dheanam dhéanaim
dheanamaid dhéanaimis
dheanamaid dhéanfaimis
dheanar dhéanfar
dheanar dhéantar
dheanas dhéanfaidh
dheanas déanfaidh
dheanas ndéanfaidh
dheanta dhéanta
dhroch-bheus dhrochbhéas
dhroch-bheusa dhrochbhéasa
dhroch-bheusan dhrochbhéas
dhroch-bheusan dhrochbhéasa
dhroch-mhisneachd dhrochmhisneach
dhroch-mhisneachd dhrochmhisnigh
dhèan dhéan
dhèanadh dhéanadh
dhèanadh dhéanfadh
dhèanaibh dhéanaigí
dhèanainn dhéanfainn
dhèanam dhéanaim
dhèanamaid dhéanaimis
dhèanamaid dhéanfaimis
dhèanar dhéantar
dhèanta dhéanta
droch-bheus drochbhéas
droch-bheus ndrochbhéas
droch-bheusa drochbhéasa
droch-bheusa ndrochbhéasa
droch-bheusan drochbhéas
droch-bheusan drochbhéasa
droch-bheusan ndrochbhéas
droch-bheusan ndrochbhéasa
droch-mhisneachd drochmhisneach
droch-mhisneachd drochmhisnigh
droch-mhisneachd ndrochmhisneach
droch-mhisneachd ndrochmhisnigh
dèan déan
dèan ndéan
dèanadh déanadh
dèanadh ndéanadh
dèanadh ndéanfadh
dèanaibh déanaigí
dèanaibh ndéanaigí
dèanainn ndéanfainn
dèanam déanaim
dèanam ndéanaim
dèanamaid déanaimis
dèanamaid ndéanaimis
dèanamaid ndéanfaimis
dèanar déantar
dèanar ndéantar
dèanta déanta
faic bhfeic
faic feic
faiceadh bhfeiceadh
faiceadh feiceadh
faiceam bhfeicim
faiceam feicim
faiceamaid bhfeicimis
faiceamaid feicimis
faicear bhfeictear
faicear feictear
faicibh bhfeicigí
faicibh feicigí
faicte b'fheicthe
faicte feicthe
faigh bhfaigh
faigh faigh
faigheadh bhfaigheadh
faigheadh faigheadh
faigheam bhfaighim
faigheam faighim
faigheamaid bhfaighimis
faigheamaid faighimis
faighear bhfaightear
faighear faightear
faighibh bhfaighigí
faighibh faighigí
faighte b'fhaighte
faighte faighte
fhaic fheic
fhaiceadh fheiceadh
fhaiceam fheicim
fhaiceamaid fheicimis
fhaicear fheictear
fhaicibh fheicigí
fhaicte fheicthe
fhaigh fhaigh
fhaigheadh fhaigheadh
fhaigheam fhaighim
fhaigheamaid fhaighimis
fhaighear fhaightear
fhaighibh fhaighigí
fhaighte fhaighte
fhreagair bhfreagair
fhreagair d'fhreagair
fhreagair fhreagair
fhreagaireadh bhfreagraíodh
fhreagaireadh fhreagraíodh
fhreagaireadh freagraíodh
fhreagairte fhreagartha
fhreagradh d'fhreagródh
fhreagradh fhreagraíodh
fhreagradh fhreagródh
fhreagraibh fhreagraígí
fhreagraidh fhreagróidh
fhreagrainn d'fhreagróinn
fhreagrainn fhreagróinn
fhreagram fhreagraím
fhreagramaid d'fhreagróimis
fhreagramaid fhreagraímis
fhreagramaid fhreagróimis
fhreagrar fhreagraítear
fhreagrar fhreagrófar
fhreagras bhfreagróidh
fhreagras fhreagróidh
fhreagras freagróidh
fhuair bhfuair
fhuair fuair
fhuaradh bhfuarthas
fhuaradh fuarthas
fhàg fhág
fhàgadh fhágadh
fhàgaibh fhágaigí
fhàgaidh fhágfaidh
fhàgam fhágaim
fhàgamaid fhágaimis
fhàgar fhágfar
fhàgar fhágtar
fhàgta fhágtha
fhàs fhás
fhàsadh fhásadh
fhàsaibh fhásaigí
fhàsaidh fhásfaidh
fhàsam fhásaim
fhàsamaid fhásaimis
fhàsar fhásfar
fhàsar fhástar
fhàsta fhásta
freagair bhfreagair
freagair freagair
freagairte freagartha
freagradh bhfreagraíodh
freagradh bhfreagródh
freagradh freagraíodh
freagraibh bhfreagraígí
freagraibh freagraígí
freagraidh bhfreagróidh
freagraidh freagróidh
freagrainn bhfreagróinn
freagram bhfreagraím
freagram freagraím
freagramaid bhfreagraímis
freagramaid bhfreagróimis
freagramaid freagraímis
freagrar bhfreagraítear
freagrar bhfreagrófar
freagrar freagraítear
freagrar freagrófar
fàg bhfág
fàg fág
fàgadh bhfágadh
fàgadh fágadh
fàgaibh bhfágaigí
fàgaibh fágaigí
fàgaidh bhfágfaidh
fàgaidh fágfaidh
fàgam bhfágaim
fàgam fágaim
fàgamaid bhfágaimis
fàgamaid fágaimis
fàgar bhfágfar
fàgar bhfágtar
fàgar fágfar
fàgar fágtar
fàgta b'fhágtha
fàgta fágtha
fàs bhfás
fàs fás
fàsadh bhfásadh
fàsadh fásadh
fàsaibh bhfásaigí
fàsaibh fásaigí
fàsaidh bhfásfaidh
fàsaidh fásfaidh
fàsam bhfásaim
fàsam fásaim
fàsamaid bhfásaimis
fàsamaid fásaimis
fàsar bhfásfar
fàsar bhfástar
fàsar fásfar
fàsar fástar
fàsta b'fhásta
fàsta fásta
geibheadh ngeobhadh
geibheamaid ngeobhaimis
geibhinn ngeobhainn
gheibh gheobhaidh
gheibh ngeobhaidh
gheibheadh gheobhadh
gheibheamaid gheobhaimis
gheibhear gheofar
gheibhear ngeofar
gheibhinn gheobhainn
ghrìbhean ghríobh
ghrìbheanan ghríobh
ghrìbheanan ghríobha
ghrìbhein ghríbhe
ghèidh aerach
ghèidh aeraigh
ghèidhe aeracha
ghèidhe aeraí
grìbhean gríobh
grìbhean ngríobh
grìbheanan gríobh
grìbheanan gríobha
grìbheanan ngríobh
grìbheanan ngríobha
grìbhein gríbhe
grìbhein ngríbhe
gèidh aerach
gèidh aeraigh
gèidh b'aerach
gèidh haerach
gèidhe aeracha
gèidhe aeraí
gèidhe b'aeracha
gèidhe b'aeraí
h-Abchais hAbcáise
h-Abchas hAbcáis
h-Abchasais hAbcáisis
h-Abchasaise hAbcáisise
h-Aimearaga Meiriceá
h-Aimearagaidh Meiriceá
h-Aimearagaidhe Meiriceá
h-Aimearaganach Meiriceánach
h-Aimearaganaich Meiriceánach
h-Aimearaganaich Meiriceánaigh
h-Aimeireaga Meiriceá
h-Aimeireaganach Meiriceánach
h-Aimeireaganaich Meiriceánach
h-Aimeireaganaich Meiriceánaigh
h-Ameireaga Meiriceá
h-Ameireagaidh Meiriceá
h-Ameireaganach Meiriceánach
h-Ameireaganaich Meiriceánach
h-Ameireaganaich Meiriceánaigh
h-abair habair
h-abradh habradh
h-abraibh habraigí
h-abrar habairtear
h-acair hacra
h-acair hancaire
h-acaire hacra
h-acaire hancaire
h-acraichean hacraí
h-acraichean hancairí
h-adair haitéara
h-adair haitéir
h-adairean haitéirí
h-inns hinis
h-innseadh hinsíodh
h-innsear hinsítear
h-innsibh hinsígí
h-innste hinste
h-obrachadh hoibriú
h-obrachaidh hoibrithe
h-obraich hoibrigh
h-obraiche hoibrí
h-obraicheadh hoibríodh
h-obraichean hoibrithe
h-obraichear hoibrítear
h-obraichibh hoibrígí
h-obraichte hoibrithe
h-ochdnair hochtair
h-ochdnar hochtar
h-ochdnaran hochtair
h-ochdnaran hochtar
h-og hóg
h-Àisia hÁise
h-Àisianach hÁiseach
h-Àisianaich hÁiseach
h-Àisianaich hÁisigh
h-àit háit
h-àite háit
h-àite háite
h-àiteachan háiteanna
h-àitean háiteanna
h-àitichean háiteanna
h-òg hóg
inns inis
inns n-inis
innseadh insíodh
innseadh n-insíodh
innseam insím
innseam n-insím
innseamaid insímis
innseamaid n-insímis
innsear inseofar
innsear insítear
innsear n-inseofar
innsear n-insítear
innsibh insígí
innsibh n-insígí
innsidh inseoidh
innsidh n-inseoidh
innste inste
lean lean
leanadh leanadh
leanadh leanfadh
leanaibh leanaigí
leanaidh leanfaidh
leanainn leanfainn
leanam leanaim
leanamaid leanaimis
leanamaid leanfaimis
leanar leanfar
leanar leantar
leanas leanfaidh
leanta leanta
leig lig
leigeadh ligeadh
leigeadh ligfeadh
leigeam ligim
leigeamaid ligfimis
leigeamaid ligimis
leigear ligfear
leigear ligtear
leigeas ligfidh
leigibh ligigí
leigidh ligfidh
leiginn ligfinn
leigte ligthe
leugh léigh
leughadh léadh
leughadh léifeadh
leughaibh léigí
leughaidh léifidh
leughainn léifinn
leugham léim
leughamaid léifimis
leughamaid léimis
leughar léifear
leughar léitear
leughas léifidh
leughta léite
m'Abchais m'Abcáise
m'Abchas m'Abcáis
m'Abchasais m'Abcáisis
m'Abchasaise m'Abcáisise
m'Aimearaga Meiriceá
m'Aimearagaidh Meiriceá
m'Aimearagaidhe Meiriceá
m'Aimearaganach Meiriceánach
m'Aimearaganaich Meiriceánach
m'Aimearaganaich Meiriceánaigh
m'Aimeireaga Meiriceá
m'Aimeireaganach Meiriceánach
m'Aimeireaganaich Meiriceánach
m'Aimeireaganaich Meiriceánaigh
m'Ameireaga Meiriceá
m'Ameireagaidh Meiriceá
m'Ameireaganach Meiriceánach
m'Ameireaganaich Meiriceánach
m'Ameireaganaich Meiriceánaigh
m'acair m'acra
m'acair m'ancaire
m'acaire m'acra
m'acaire m'ancaire
m'acraichean m'acraí
m'acraichean m'ancairí
m'adair haitéara
m'adair haitéir
m'adairean haitéirí
m'obrachadh m'oibriú
m'obrachaidh m'oibrithe
m'obraiche m'oibrí
m'obraichean m'oibrithe
m'ochdnair m'ochtair
m'ochdnar m'ochtar
m'ochdnaran m'ochtair
m'ochdnaran m'ochtar
m'Àisia m'Áise
m'Àisianach m'Áiseach
m'Àisianaich m'Áiseach
m'Àisianaich m'Áisigh
m'àit m'áit
m'àite m'áit
m'àite m'áite
m'àiteachan m'áiteanna
m'àitean m'áiteanna
m'àitichean m'áiteanna
mair mair
maireadh maireadh
maireadh mairfeadh
maiream mairim
maireamaid mairfimis
maireamaid mairimis
mairear mairfear
mairear mairtear
mairibh mairigí
mairidh mairfidh
mairinn mairfinn
mairte martha
mhair mair
mhair mhair
mhaireadh maireadh
mhaireadh mhaireadh
mhaireadh mhairfeadh
mhaiream mhairim
mhaireamaid mhairfimis
mhaireamaid mhairimis
mhairear mhairfear
mhairear mhairtear
mhaireas mairfidh
mhaireas mhairfidh
mhairibh mhairigí
mhairidh mhairfidh
mhairinn mhairfinn
mhairte mhartha
n-Abchais nAbcáise
n-Abchas nAbcáis
n-Abchasais nAbcáisis
n-Abchasaise nAbcáisise
n-Aimearaga Meiriceá
n-Aimearagaidh Meiriceá
n-Aimearagaidhe Meiriceá
n-Aimearaganach Meiriceánach
n-Aimearaganaich Meiriceánach
n-Aimearaganaich Meiriceánaigh
n-Aimeireaga Meiriceá
n-Aimeireaganach Meiriceánach
n-Aimeireaganaich Meiriceánach
n-Aimeireaganaich Meiriceánaigh
n-Ameireaga Meiriceá
n-Ameireagaidh Meiriceá
n-Ameireaganach Meiriceánach
n-Ameireaganaich Meiriceánach
n-Ameireaganaich Meiriceánaigh
n-acair n-acra
n-acair n-ancaire
n-acaire n-acra
n-acaire n-ancaire
n-acraichean n-acraí
n-acraichean n-ancairí
n-adair haitéara
n-adair haitéir
n-adairean haitéirí
n-obrachadh n-oibriú
n-obraiche n-oibrí
n-obraichean n-oibrithe
n-ochdnair n-ochtair
n-ochdnar n-ochtar
n-ochdnaran n-ochtair
n-ochdnaran n-ochtar
n-Àisia nÁise
n-Àisianach nÁiseach
n-Àisianaich nÁiseach
n-Àisianaich nÁisigh
n-àit n-áit
n-àite n-áit
n-àite n-áite
n-àiteachan n-áiteanna
n-àitean n-áiteanna
n-àitichean n-áiteanna
nithear dhéanfar
nithear déanfar
nithear ndéanfar
nochd nocht
nochdadh nochtadh
nochdadh nochtfadh
nochdaibh nochtaigí
nochdaidh nochta
nochdaidh nochtfaidh
nochdainn nochtfainn
nochdam nochtaim
nochdamaid nochtaimis
nochdamaid nochtfaimis
nochdar nochtar
nochdar nochtfar
nochdas nochtfaidh
nochdta nochta
nochte nochta
nì dhéanfaidh
nì déanfaidh
nì ndéanfaidh
obrachadh oibriú
obrachaidh n-oibrithe
obrachaidh oibrithe
obraich n-oibrigh
obraich oibrigh
obraiche oibrí
obraicheadh n-oibríodh
obraicheadh oibríodh
obraicheam n-oibrím
obraicheam oibrím
obraicheamaid n-oibrímis
obraicheamaid oibrímis
obraichean oibrithe
obraichear n-oibreofar
obraichear n-oibrítear
obraichear oibreofar
obraichear oibrítear
obraichibh n-oibrígí
obraichibh oibrígí
obraichidh n-oibreoidh
obraichidh oibreoidh
obraichte oibrithe
ochdnair ochtair
ochdnar ochtar
ochdnaran ochtair
ochdnaran ochtar
og óg
oga óga
oig óig
oige óige
peaca bpeaca
peaca peaca
peacadh bpeaca
peacadh peaca
peacaidh bpeaca
peacaidh peaca
peacaidhean bpeacaí
peacaidhean peacaí
peacannan bpeacaí
peacannan peacaí
pheaca pheaca
pheacadh pheaca
pheacaidh pheaca
pheacaidhean pheacaí
pheacannan pheacaí
rach dtéigh
rach théigh
rach téigh
rachadh dtéadh
rachadh dtéifeadh
rachadh rachadh
rachadh théadh
rachadh théifeadh
rachadh téadh
rachaibh dtéigí
rachaibh théigí
rachaibh téigí
rachainn dtéifinn
rachainn rachainn
rachainn théifinn
racham dtéim
racham théim
racham téim
rachamaid dtéifimis
rachamaid dtéimis
rachamaid rachaimis
rachamaid théifimis
rachamaid théimis
rachamaid téimis
rachar dtéitear
rachar théitear
rachar téitear
rinn rinne
rinneadh rinneadh
rug rug
rugadh rugadh
ruig shroich
ruig sroich
ruigeadh shroicheadh
ruigeadh shroichfeadh
ruigeadh sroicheadh
ruigeadh sroichfeadh
ruigeam shroichim
ruigeam sroichim
ruigeamaid shroichfimis
ruigeamaid shroichimis
ruigeamaid sroichfimis
ruigeamaid sroichimis
ruigear shroichfear
ruigear shroichtear
ruigear sroichfear
ruigear sroichtear
ruigeas shroichfidh
ruigeas sroichfidh
ruigibh shroichigí
ruigibh sroichigí
ruigidh shroichfidh
ruigidh sroichfidh
ruiginn shroichfinn
ruiginn sroichfinn
ruigsinn shroicheadh
ruigsinn shroichte
ruigsinn sroicheadh
ruigsinn sroichte
ruigsinn tsroichte
ruigte shroichte
ruigte sroichte
ràinig shroich
ràinig sroich
ràinigeadh shroicheadh
ràinigeadh sroicheadh
sgriobh scríobh
sgriobhadh scríobhadh
sgriobhadh scríobhfadh
sgriobhaibh scríobhaigí
sgriobhaidh scríobhfaidh
sgriobhainn scríobhfainn
sgriobham scríobhaim
sgriobhamaid scríobhaimis
sgriobhamaid scríobhfaimis
sgriobhar scríobhfar
sgriobhar scríobhtar
sgriobhas scríobhfaidh
sgriobhta scríofa
sgrìobh scríobh
sgrìobhadh scríobhadh
sgrìobhadh scríobhfadh
sgrìobhaibh scríobhaigí
sgrìobhaidh scríobhfaidh
sgrìobhainn scríobhfainn
sgrìobham scríobhaim
sgrìobhamaid scríobhaimis
sgrìobhamaid scríobhfaimis
sgrìobhar scríobhfar
sgrìobhar scríobhtar
sgrìobhas scríobhfaidh
sgrìobhta scríofa
t-Abchas Abcáis
t-Aimearaga Meiriceá
t-Aimearaganach Meiriceánach
t-Aimeireaganach Meiriceánach
t-Ameireaga Meiriceá
t-Ameireaganach Meiriceánach
t-acair t-acra
t-acair t-ancaire
t-acaire t-acra
t-acaire t-ancaire
t-adair haitéir
t-obrachadh t-oibriú
t-obraiche t-oibrí
t-ochdnar t-ochtar
t-Àisianach tÁiseach
t-àit áit
t-àite áit
tabhair dtabhair
tabhair tabhair
tag clibeáil
tag gclibeáil
tagadh clibeáil
tagadh clibeáladh
tagadh gclibeáil
tagadh gclibeáladh
tagadh gclibeálfadh
tagaibh clibeálaigí
tagaibh gclibeálaigí
tagaidh clibeála
tagaidh clibeálfaidh
tagaidh gclibeála
tagaidh gclibeálfaidh
tagainn gclibeálfainn
tagam clibeálaim
tagam gclibeálaim
tagamaid clibeálaimis
tagamaid gclibeálaimis
tagamaid gclibeálfaimis
tagar clibeáiltear
tagar clibeálfar
tagar gclibeáiltear
tagar gclibeálfar
tagta clibeáilte
teireadh ndéarfadh
teireamaid ndéarfaimis
teirinn ndéarfainn
thabhair thabhair
thag chlibeáil
thag gclibeáil
thagadh chlibeáil
thagadh chlibeáladh
thagadh chlibeálfadh
thagadh clibeáladh
thagadh gclibeáladh
thagaibh chlibeálaigí
thagaidh chlibeála
thagaidh chlibeálfaidh
thagainn chlibeálfainn
thagam chlibeálaim
thagamaid chlibeálaimis
thagamaid chlibeálfaimis
thagar chlibeáiltear
thagar chlibeálfar
thagas chlibeálfaidh
thagas clibeálfaidh
thagas gclibeálfaidh
thagta chlibeáilte
their déarfaidh
their ndéarfaidh
theireadh déarfadh
theireamaid déarfaimis
theirear déarfar
theirear ndéarfar
theirinn déarfainn
thig dtar
thig dtiocfaidh
thig tar
thig thar
thig thiocfaidh
thig tiocfaidh
thigeadh dtagadh
thigeadh tagadh
thigeadh thagadh
thigeadh thiocfadh
thigeam dtagaim
thigeam tagaim
thigeam thagaim
thigeamaid dtagaimis
thigeamaid tagaimis
thigeamaid thagaimis
thigeamaid thiocfaimis
thigear dtagtar
thigear dtiocfar
thigear tagtar
thigear thagtar
thigear thiocfar
thigear tiocfar
thigibh dtagaigí
thigibh tagaigí
thigibh thagaigí
thiginn thiocfainn
thoireadh thabharfadh
thoireadh thugadh
thoiream thugaim
thoireamaid thabharfaimis
thoireamaid thugaimis
thoirear thugtar
thoiribh thugaigí
thoirinn thabharfainn
thu tú
thubhairt dúirt
thubhairt ndúirt
thubhairteadh dúradh
thubhairteadh ndúradh
thug dtug
thug thug
thugadh dtugadh
thugadh thugadh
thugadh tugadh
thuig dtuig
thuig thuig
thuigeadh dtuigeadh
thuigeadh thuigeadh
thuigeadh thuigfeadh
thuigeadh tuigeadh
thuigeam thuigim
thuigeamaid thuigfimis
thuigeamaid thuigimis
thuigear thuigfear
thuigear thuigtear
thuigeas dtuigfidh
thuigeas thuigfidh
thuigeas tuigfidh
thuigibh thuigigí
thuigidh thuigfidh
thuiginn thuigfinn
thuigte thuigthe
thàinig dtáinig
thàinig tháinig
thàinigear dtángthas
thàinigear thángthas
thèid dtéifidh
thèid rachaidh
thèid théifidh
thèid téifidh
thèidear dtéifear
thèidear rachfar
thèidear théifear
thèidear téifear
thòiseachadh thosú
thòiseachaidh thosaithe
thòisich dtosaigh
thòisich thosaigh
thòisicheadh dtosaíodh
thòisicheadh thosaíodh
thòisicheadh thosódh
thòisicheadh tosaíodh
thòisicheam thosaím
thòisicheamaid thosaímis
thòisicheamaid thosóimis
thòisichear thosaítear
thòisichear thosófar
thòisicheas dtosóidh
thòisicheas thosóidh
thòisicheas tosóidh
thòisichibh thosaígí
thòisichidh thosóidh
thòisichinn thosóinn
thòisichte thosaithe
tigeadh dtiocfadh
tigeamaid dtiocfaimis
tiginn dtiocfainn
toireadh dtabharfadh
toireadh dtugadh
toireadh tugadh
toiream dtugaim
toiream tugaim
toireamaid dtabharfaimis
toireamaid dtugaimis
toireamaid tugaimis
toirear dtugtar
toirear tugtar
toiribh dtugaigí
toiribh tugaigí
toirinn dtabharfainn
tuig dtuig
tuig tuig
tuigeadh dtuigeadh
tuigeadh dtuigfeadh
tuigeadh tuigeadh
tuigeam dtuigim
tuigeam tuigim
tuigeamaid dtuigfimis
tuigeamaid dtuigimis
tuigeamaid tuigimis
tuigear dtuigfear
tuigear dtuigtear
tuigear tuigfear
tuigear tuigtear
tuigibh dtuigigí
tuigibh tuigigí
tuigidh dtuigfidh
tuigidh tuigfidh
tuiginn dtuigfinn
tuigte tuigthe
tòiseachadh dtosú
tòiseachadh tosú
tòiseachaidh dtosaithe
tòiseachaidh tosaithe
tòisich dtosaigh
tòisich tosaigh
tòisicheadh dtosaíodh
tòisicheadh dtosódh
tòisicheadh tosaíodh
tòisicheam dtosaím
tòisicheam tosaím
tòisicheamaid dtosaímis
tòisicheamaid dtosóimis
tòisicheamaid tosaímis
tòisichear dtosaítear
tòisichear dtosófar
tòisichear tosaítear
tòisichear tosófar
tòisichibh dtosaígí
tòisichibh tosaígí
tòisichidh dtosóidh
tòisichidh tosóidh
tòisichinn dtosóinn
tòisichte tosaithe
x dea-scéalta
x dhea-scéalta
x dhrochmhisneach
x dhrochmhisnigh
x drochmhisneach
x drochmhisnigh
x ndea-scéalta
x ndrochmhisneach
x ndrochmhisnigh
Àisia Áise
Àisianach Áiseach
Àisianach Áiseacha
Àisianaich Áiseach
Àisianaich Áisigh
Àisianaiche Áisí
àit áit
àite áit
àite áite
àiteachan áiteanna
àitean áiteanna
àitichean áiteanna
òg óg
òga óga
òig óig
òige óige
