acht acht
acrach acrach
adaptair adaptair
adaptar adaptar
adhair adhair
adhairt adhairt
adhnadh adhnadh
aice aice
aineamh aineamh
aineoil aineoil
airc airc
airce airce
aiseag aiseag
aisig aisig
aisil aisil
aiteann aiteann
aitim aitim
aitinn aitinn
am am
amais amais
amas amas
anairt anairt
analach analach
aomadh aomadh
aonta aonta
ar ar
as as
astair astair
astar astar
b'adhnadh b'adhnadh
b'airc b'airc
b'aiteann b'aiteann
baithis baithis
b'amas b'amas
baois baois
baoise baoise
b'aomadh b'aomadh
b'aonta b'aonta
b'astar b'astar
batharnach batharnach
beachd beacht
b'eallach b'eallach
beartach beartach
beartais beartais
beartas beartas
bha bha
bhaithis bhaithis
bhaois bhaois
bhaoise bhaoise
bhatharnach bhatharnach
bhatharnacha bhatharnacha
bheachd bheacht
bheartach bheartach
bheartais bheartais
bheartas bheartas
bheinn bheinn
bhile bhile
bhith bhith
bhodach bhodach
bhogadh bhogadh
bhogainn bhogainn
bhoireann bhoireann
bhoireannach bhoireannach
bhrach bhrach
bhracha bhracha
bhrachta bhrachta
bhreab bhreab
bhreaba bhreaba
bhreabadh bhreabadh
bhreabainn bhreabainn
Bhreatnach Bhreatnach
Bhreatnacha Bhreatnacha
Bhreatnais Bhreatnais
Bhreatnaise Bhreatnaise
bhruthach bhruthach
bhuachaill bhuachaill
bhuailteach bhuailteach
bhuaireadh bhuaireadh
bile bile
Bile Bile
b'iolarach b'iolarach
bodach bodach
bogadh bogadh
bogtar bogtar
boireann boireann
boireannach boireannach
brach brach
bracha bracha
brachta brachta
breab breab
breabadh breabadh
breabtar breabtar
Breatnach Breatnach
Breatnacha Breatnacha
Breatnais Breatnais
Breatnaise Breatnaise
bruthach bruthach
buachaill buachaill
buailteach buailteach
buaireadh buaireadh
b'urra b'urra
cách cách
call call
can can
cana cana
cas cas
ceal ceal
ceas ceas
ceasa ceasa
ceathach ceathach
cha cha
chall chall
chan abair
chan chan
chan dúirt
chan ndúirt
chana chana
chas chas
cheal cheal
cheas cheas
cheasa cheasa
cheathach cheathach
chinn chinn
chinne chinne
chinneadh chinneadh
chinnidh chinnidh
chinninn chinninn
chinnte chinnte
chinnteach chinnteach
chion chion
chionta chionta
chlag chlag
chlaga chlaga
chlagadh chlagadh
chlagainn chlagainn
chlagann chlagann
chlaig chlaig
chliathach chliathach
chlis chlis
chlise chlise
chliseach chliseach
chliseadh chliseadh
chlisinn chlisinn
chliste chliste
chluich chluich
chnuas chnuas
choibhneas choibhneas
choill choill
cholann cholann
chom chom
chomhairleach chomhairleach
chomhairleacha chomhairleacha
chor chor
chothachadh chothú
chothroim chothroim
chothrom chothrom
chraobh chraobh
chraoibhe chraoibhe
chruthach chruthach
chuibheas chuibheas
chuimse chuimse
chuimseachadh chuimsiú
chuimseachadh cuimsiú
chuimseachadh gcuimsiú
chumha chumha
chumhach chumhach
cinn cinn
cinneadh cinneadh
cinnidh cinnidh
cinnte cinnte
cinnteach cinnteach
cinntear cinntear
cion cion
cionta cionta
clag clag
clagadh clagadh
clagann clagann
clagtar clagtar
claig claig
cliathach cliathach
clis clis
cliseach cliseach
cliseadh cliseadh
cliste cliste
clistear clistear
cluich cluich
cnuas cnuas
coibhneas coibhneas
coill coill
colann colann
comhairleach comhairleach
cor cor
cothachadh cothú
cothroim cothroim
cothrom cothrom
craobh craobh
craoibhe craoibhe
cruthach cruthach
cuibheas cuibheas
cuimse cuimse
cuimseachadh chuimsiú
cuimseachadh cuimsiú
cuimseachadh gcuimsiú
cuiridh cuiridh
cumha cumha
cumhach cumhach
curaich curaí
d'adhnadh d'adhnadh
dàibhidh dtumfaidh
dàibhidh dtumtha
dàibhidh tumfaidh
dàibhidh tumtha
dalta dalta
dé dé
dealbh dealbh
dealbhach dealbhach
deann deann
deanna deanna
déigh déigh
deò deo
dhalta dhalta
dhealbh dhealbh
dhealbhach dhealbhach
dheann dheann
dheanna dheanna
dhochair dhochair
dhol dhol
dhreisean thamall
dhuilleach dhuilleach
dhuilleacha dhuilleacha
dochair dochair
dol dol
dreisean dtamall
dreisean tamall
duilleach duilleach
eadhon eadhon
eallach eallach
Eilean Eilean
faic faic
failm failm
failme failme
faoileann faoileann
faoin faoin
faradh faradh
faram faram
fearachais fearachais
fearachas fearachas
fearais fearais
fearas fearas
fhaic fhaic
fhaighinn fhaighinn
fhailm fhailm
fhailme fhailme
fhaoileann fhaoileann
fharadh fharadh
fhearachais fhearachais
fhearachas fhearachas
fhearais fhearais
fhearas fhearas
fhiamh fhiamh
fhiosrach fhiosrach
fhrasan fhras
fiamh fiamh
fiosrach fiosrach
frasan fras
ga ga
gabhail gabhail
gabhal gabhal
gail gail
gal gal
gan gan
gaol gaol
gar gar
gasta gasta
gealtach gealtach
gealtair gealtóir
gean gean
geana geana
geilte geilte
ghabhail ghabhail
ghabhal ghabhal
ghail ghail
ghal ghal
ghaol ghaol
ghar ghar
ghasta ghasta
ghealtach ghealtach
ghealtair ghealtóir
ghean ghean
gheana gheana
gheilte gheilte
ghiollachd ghiollacht
ghleansaidhean shnasanna
ghleansan shnasanna
ghogail ghogail
ghoil ghoil
ghoileadh ghoileadh
ghoilfear ghoilfear
ghoilinn ghoilinn
ghoilte ghoilte
ghreann ghreann
ghreas ghreas
ghreisean thamall
ghrinneas ghrinneas
ghrod ghrod
ghroda ghroda
ghrodadh ghrodadh
ghrodainn ghrodainn
ghrodta ghrodta
ghroid ghroid
ghroide ghroide
ghuilbneach ghuilbneach
giollachd giollacht
gleansaidhean snasanna
gleansan snasanna
gogail gogail
goil goil
goileadh goileadh
goilfear goilfear
goilte goilte
goiltear goiltear
greann greann
greas greas
greisean dtamall
greisean tamall
grinneas grinneas
grod grod
groda groda
grodadh grodadh
grodta grodta
grodtar grodtar
groid groid
groide groide
guilbneach guilbneach
guitear guitear
gus gus
gu-ta guta
i i
idir idir
iolarach iolarach
leithid leithid
leòn leon
loinne loinne
m'adhnadh m'adhnadh
m'airc m'airc
m'airce m'airce
m'aiteann m'aiteann
m'aitinn m'aitinn
m'amais m'amais
m'amas m'amas
mang mang
m'aomadh m'aomadh
m'aonta m'aonta
m'astair m'astair
m'astar m'astar
m'eallach m'eallach
meann meann
mear mear
meara meara
meirbh meirbh
meirbhe meirbhe
mhang mhang
mheann mheann
mhear mhear
mheara mheara
mheirbh mheirbh
mheirbhe mheirbhe
mhire mhire
mhogal mhogal
mholach mholach
mholl mholl
mhosach mhosach
mhothair mhothair
mhothar mhothar
mire mire
mogal mogal
m'oirthir m'oirthir
molach molach
moll moll
mosach mosach
mothair mothair
mothar mothar
m'urra m'urra
n-adaptair n-adaptair
n-adaptar n-adaptar
n-airc n-airc
n-airce n-airce
n-aisig n-aisig
n-aiteann n-aiteann
n-aitinn n-aitinn
n-amais n-amais
n-amas n-amas
n-aomadh n-aomadh
n-aonta n-aonta
n-astair n-astair
n-astar n-astar
n-eallach n-eallach
n-oirthir n-oirthir
n-urra n-urra
oir oir
oirthir oirthir
Oirthir Oirthir
pait pait
paite paite
peasair peasair
phait phait
phaite phaite
pheasair pheasair
phiseag phiseog
piseag piseog
racaid racaid
racaide racaide
rapach rapach
rian rian
rinne reanna
rinne rinne
rithe rithe
saltair saltair
samh samh
samhlachais samhlachais
samhlachas samhlachas
saoil saoil
seac seac
seach seach
sealg sealg
seat seat
seinn seinn
seinne seinne
seinneadh seinneadh
seinninn seinninn
seinnte seinnte
seinntear seinntear
seise seise
seisean seisean
seòlta seolta
shaltair shaltair
shamhlachais shamhlachais
shamhlachas shamhlachas
shaoil shaoil
sheac sheac
shealg shealg
sheat sheat
sheinn sheinn
sheinne sheinne
sheinneadh sheinneadh
sheinninn sheinninn
sheinnte sheinnte
sheise sheise
shian shian
shianach shianach
shianta shianta
shiolp shiolp
shiolpadh shiolpadh
shiolpainn shiolpainn
shlac shlac
shlaca shlaca
shlacadh shlacadh
shlacainn shlacainn
shlaodach shlaodach
shligeach shligeach
shraon shraon
shraona shraona
shraonadh shraonadh
shraonainn shraonainn
shraonta shraonta
shuaitheanta shuaitheanta
shuilt shuilt
shult shult
shultmhor shultmhar
sian sian
sianach sianach
sianta sianta
sinn sin
siolp siolp
siolpadh siolpadh
siolpainn siolpainn
siolptar siolptar
slac slac
slaca slaca
slacadh slacadh
slacainn slacainn
slactar slactar
slaodach slaodach
sligeach sligeach
sraon sraon
sraonadh sraonadh
sraonainn sraonainn
sraonta sraonta
sraontar sraontar
stail stail
stailceach stailceach
staile staile
stalla stalla
staoin staoine
steig steig
stiallach stiallach
stiallacha stiallacha
suaitheanta suaitheanta
suilt suilt
sult sult
sultmhor sultmhar
t-adaptar t-adaptar
t-adhnadh t-adhnadh
tagair tagair
tagairt tagairt
tagrach tagrach
taic léis
t-aiteann t-aiteann
t-amas t-amas
t-aomadh t-aomadh
t-astar t-astar
t-eallach t-eallach
teannadh teannadh
teannaidh teannaidh
teannaire teannaire
teannais teannais
teannas teannas
teannta teannta
teanntar teanntar
teip teip
thagair thagair
thagairt thagairt
thagrach thagrach
theannadh theannadh
theannaidh theannaidh
theannainn theannainn
theannaire theannaire
theannais theannais
theannas theannas
theannta theannta
theip theip
thig dtar
thig thar
thig thig
thoill thoill
thoilleadh thoilleadh
thoilleas thoilleas
thoillinn thoillinn
thoillte thoillte
thoinn thoinn
thoirt thoirt
thoiseach thoiseach
threisean thamall
thric thric
thrice thrice
thruais thruais
thruas thruas
thuirseach thuirseach
toill toill
toilleadh toilleadh
toillte toillte
toilltear toilltear
toinn toinn
toirt toirt
toiseach toiseach
treisean dtamall
treisean tamall
tric tric
trice trice
truais truais
truas truas
tuirseach tuirseach
urnaigh urnaigh
urra urra
